# Migrate to version 0.38.0 | Mysten Labs TypeScript SDK Docs

- Source: [https://sdk.mystenlabs.com/typescript/migrations/0.38](https://sdk.mystenlabs.com/typescript/migrations/0.38)
- Retrieved: 2025-11-14 17:44:07 UTC

---

Migrate to version 0.38.0 | Mysten Labs TypeScript SDK Docs[Mysten Labs SDKs](/)

[Mysten Labs SDKs](/)

Search

`⌘``K`

Sui SDK

TypeScript interfaces for Sui

[GitHub](https://github.com/MystenLabs/ts-sdks)[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/Sui)[Sui TypeScript SDK Quick Start](/typescript)[Install Sui TypeScript SDK](/typescript/install)[Hello Sui](/typescript/hello-sui)[Faucet](/typescript/faucet)[JsonRpcClient](/typescript/sui-client)[SuiGraphQLClient](/typescript/graphql)[SuiGrpcClient](/typescript/grpc)

Transaction building

Cryptography

[The `@mysten/sui/utils` package](/typescript/utils)

[BCS](/typescript/bcs)[ZkLogin](/typescript/zklogin)[Transaction Executors](/typescript/executors)[Transaction Plugins](/typescript/plugins)

Migrations

[Migrate to version 0.38.0](/typescript/migrations/0.38)[Migrate to version 1.0](/typescript/migrations/sui-1.0)

Migrate to version 0.38.0

Migrations

# Migrate to version 0.38.0

The 1.0 release of the SDK contains many additional changes. This document may help help as an
intermediate step when upgrading from older versions of the SDK, but all apps should be upgraded to
the latest version of the SDK instead of 0.38.0.

The Sui TypeScript SDK was refactored beginning with version 0.38.0. If you are updating from an
earlier version of the SDK, there are some changes you should consider when updating your code.

### [Module structure](#module-structure)

The Sui TypeScript SDK is now divided into modular components. Before version 0.38.0, you imported
the complete SDK module. Now, you upload the individual packages of the SDK module instead. See the
[Module Packages section](#module-packages) for the list of packages.

### [Deprecated classes](#deprecated-classes)

The Sui TypeScript SDK deprecates the following classes with version 0.38.0:

* `JsonRpcProvider` - The `JsonRpcProvider` class is deprecated in favor of the `suiClient` class
  when creating a client for a Sui network. See
  [Network Interactions with SuiClient](typescript/sui-client) for more information.
* `SignerWithProver` and `RawSigner` - Key pairs now directly support signing transactions and
  messages without the need of a `Signer` class. See the
  [Key pairs](typescript/cryptography/keypairs) topic for more information.
* `signAndExecuteTransaction` - This method was not deprecated, but is now part of `SuiClient`.
* `Connection` classes - The `Connection` classes (`Connection`, `devnetConnection`, and so on) have
  been deprecated in favor of using `suiClient` for establishing the connection. See
  [Network Interactions with SuiClient](typescript/sui-client) for more information.
* The `superstruct` type definitions for `JsonRPCProvider` types are replaced with generated types
  exported from `@mysten/sui/client`. The new type definitions are pure TypeScript types that you
  can't use for runtime validation.
* A more stable JSON-RPC API has reduced the need for many of the SDK "getter" methods, which are
  now deprecated.

### [Signing transactions](#signing-transactions)

Signing and sending transactions changes slightly with the deprecation of the `Signer` pattern. For
an example of transaction signing, see the
[Sui Programmable Transaction Blocks Basics](typescript/transaction-building/basics) topic.

### [Faucet requests](#faucet-requests)

The ability to request SUI from a faucet is not part of `SuiClient` as it was with
`JsonRpcProvider`. Instead, you must use the `requestSuiFromFaucetV0` method from
`@mysten/sui/faucet`. The `@mysten/sui/faucet` import also provides a `getFaucetHost` method to
retrieve the faucet URL for `localnet`, `testnet`, or `devnet` networks.

```
import { getFaucetHost, requestSuiFromFaucetV0 } from '@mysten/sui/faucet';

await requestSuiFromFaucetV0({
	host: getFaucetHost('devnet'),
	recipient: '<SUI_ADDRESS>',
});
```

[Edit on GitHub](https://github.com/MystenLabs/ts-sdks/blob/main/packages/docs/content/typescript/migrations/0.38.mdx)

[Transaction Plugins

Previous Page](/typescript/plugins)[Migrate to version 1.0

Next Page](/typescript/migrations/sui-1.0)

### On this page

[Module structure](#module-structure)[Deprecated classes](#deprecated-classes)[Signing transactions](#signing-transactions)[Faucet requests](#faucet-requests)
